Revisions for Manuscript (#24)
greenelab/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript: content/06.conclusion_future_direction.md

Filling out knowledge bases via manual curation can be an arduous and erroneous task [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btm229].
As the rate of publications increases manual curation becomes an infeasible approach.
Data programming, a paradigm that uses label functions as a means to speed up the annotation process, can be used as a solution for this problem.
A problem with this paradigm is that creating a useful label function takes a significant amount of time. 
We tested the feasibility of reusing label functions as a way to speed up the  label function creation process.

> Based on our findings, we conclude that label functions can be reused across edge types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We conclude that label function re-use across edge types can increase performance when there are certain constraints on the number of functions re-used.
More sophisticated methods of reuse may be able to capture many of the advantages and avoid many of the drawbacks.
```
